quick{emu,get}: add page (#12029)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/quickget.md

# quickget

> Download and prepare materials for building a Quickemu virtual machine.
> NOTE: the parameter "edition" is always optional.
> See also: `quickemu`.
> More information: <https://github.com/quickemu-project/quickemu>.

> - Display the list of all supported guest OSes, versions and variants:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the list of all supported guest operating systems, versions and variants:
```

`quickget list`

- Download and create the virtual machine configuration for building a Quickemu virtual machine for an OS:

`quickget {{os}} {{release}} {{edition}}`

- Download configuration for a Windows 11 VM with VirtIO drivers for Windows:

`quickget windows 11`

- Download a macOS recovery image and creates a virtual machine configuration:

`quickget macos {{high-sierra|mojave|catalina|big-sur|monterey|ventura}}`

> - Show an ISO URL for an OS (do not work for Windows):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show an ISO URL for an OS (does not work for Windows):
```

> - Show an ISO URL for an OS (does not work for Windows):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show an ISO URL for an operating system (Note: it does not work for Windows):
```

`quickget --show-iso-url fedora {{release}} {{edition}}`

> - Test if and OS ISO is available for an OS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Test if an OS ISO is available for an OS:
```

> - Test if an OS ISO is available for an OS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test if an ISO file is available for an operating system:
```

`quickget --test-iso-url nixos {{edition}} {{plasma5}}`

> - Open an OS distribution homepage in a browser (does not work for Windows):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open an OS distribution's homepage in a browser (does not work for Windows):
```

> - Open an OS distribution's homepage in a browser (does not work for Windows):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open an operating system distribution's homepage in a browser (Note: it does not work for Windows):
```
